is the pure home ftp right for me is the
pure home ftp right for me if you are
dealing with iron or rust issues sulfur
that rotten egg odor or manganese which
are dark brown or black stains and you
may be considering the pure home ftp if
your goal is clear clean water odor free
water with stain free fixtures then the
pier home ftp may be just what you're
looking for the pure home is right for
you if you have well water you have iron
sulfur and or manganese problems your
iron level is up to 27 parts per million
hard water is not a concern or you have
a separate hard water conditioner and
your ph is above 6.6 the pure home ftp
is a self-cleaning maintenance-free unit
it has a simple electronic control valve
and the media inside the tank lasts an
average of four years catalogs which is
the media inside the tank will remove
the iron up to 27 parts per million the
hydrogen sulfide up to 17 parts per
million and the manganese up to 11 parts
per million again your pH must be above
6.6 if it's lower than you will need to
install a pH neutralizer in front of the
ftp just to note if you have sulfur
breeding bacteria signs of which may
include slimy black film and a very
strong sulfur smell from your hot water
then you will require continuous
chlorination the pure home ftp can be
installed by a professional plumber or
by a handy homeowner with some plumbing
knowledge if you're still not sure if
the pure home ftp is right for you you
can request a free water analysis on the
right hand side of almost any page on
pier a team calm you can also fill out a
help me choose recommendation form
you'll fill out what issues you're
dealing with and will help you come up
with a recommendation for the right
system for you you can also request a
free report seven questions you must ask
before you buy a water treatment system
this will help you narrow down your
treatment options and of course you can
always call us for help at eight
849 141 00 we have a six-month
satisfaction guarantee on all our
products we have customer service before
and after the sale that's second to none
we also offer certified media and
components on all of our systems with
free shipping and handling on all orders
over ninety nine dollars we've been
online for 13 years where a member of
the water quality Association we're an
A+ rated member of the Better Business
Bureau in your satisfaction is always
one hundred percent guaranteed so say
goodbye to the hassles and embarrassment
of water stains and odors in your home
you'll be glad you did call us toll free
at 1 888 491 4100 we're open from 9am
till seven p.m. eastern standard time
monday through friday